# Design Diary - 2/28/2020 - Milestone 4 Card Project

For this project the assignment was to make a guessing game using a "self learning" tree that where the leaf nodes are guesses/people, and the interior nodes are questions to help the program guess the correct person. When I started this project before spring break, I had just coded out the node and tree structures that I would be using along with a constructor for my tree class that took in a filename and built a tree from a preorder traversal that was saved to a file in a specific format. I also built a method to preform a preorder traversal and write the results to a file. After this, I kind of stopped with working on the project over break for personal reasons, and went I resumed after break, I forgot what I was supposed to do, and went in a wrong direction. Although I wasted a lot of time going in the wrong direction, I did build out essentially the entire unity side of the project, and when Adam pointed out that I was going in the wrong direction in lab, It wasn't to hard to get back on track and get the project done. One of the hardest parts of this project was reading the preorder traversal back into a tree. Although I thought I had done it correctly, it had a bunch of small bugs that I hadn't realized would come up with larger trees, so adding the logic to handle a bunch of tiny fringe cases was extremely frustrating and tough as my CPU on my laptop gets overloaded when I do a lot of debugging on unity projects over a long time. Although I had a lot of trouble getting this project done, got very frustrated at times, and didn't feel too motivated to get it done, It did feel very rewarding to get the project done and to see it work. I think the most fun part of the project was definitely playing around with the project when I finished, however I wish I had done something a little more complicated that didn't feel like a toy application, and I wish I had put more time and effort into the project instead of just doing the baseline.